---
title: elma
date: 2026-06-12T10:07:14Z
environment: prod
---
- MOVE-5086 Setup for ai (#727)
- MOVE-5066 Protect download report endpoint to match rest api setup (#726)
- MOVE-4762 Harmonize pipeline for pr checks
- MOVE-4214 Import av PEPPOL kodelister (fase 1) (#723)
- Ignore CVE for tomact embedded until next spring release
- Remove unused code
- only admin should see peppolprocesses
- Only admin should be able to use codelistcontroller
- Ignoring some recent CVEs
- Merged from main
- Rydder opp i pomen
- MOVE-Remove unecessary pom artifact and some unecessary dependencies (#724)
- MOVE-4762 add types for call-maventests workflow. (#720)
- MOVE-Upgrade spring-boot-starter-parent from 4.0.3 to 4.0.6. (#722)
- Renaming scheme  value in two codelist tables to avoid H2 database reserved nameword conflict on value
- Just ignoring database files locally
- MOVE-5030 Adding unique constraints to document_type
- Refactor some methods to own converters.
- Remove outdated readme, remove todo. Remove FictitiousBrRegTableDTO.java that dosnt seem to be in use
- Adding domainCommunity and category to import
- Make sure that peppol processes is not returned in the api, should only be used in the web for now. Refactored some other code.
- Adding domainCommunity and category to DocumentTypeForm
- Use optional instead of returning null on PeppolProcessRepository. Added som info logs instead of comments in the code
- Moving findActiveDocumentTypesByProcess() query from codelist to elma tables
- Adding flyway repair mode and updating migration scripts
- Updating .gitignore to exclude local config and keys
- more fixes and tests
- Added codelistversion to db. Small fixes. Some tests
- GUI changes in codelistupload
- Rename flyway file
- Adding spring boot devtools for web app to speed up frontend development
- Updating wiremock response
- Improvements to the GUI for codelists
- Slight rename to match the rest of the code
- Added info about deprecation and removal to pick process list
- Litt større dialog og word break dersom tekst blir for lang i pick prosess listen.
- Adding back the ELMA logo in readme
- Guessing correct domain by using a LUT and DB
- Adding toggle to document type cards in gui
- Populating Document Types when selecting from a peppol process.
- Fetching peppol codelist document types based on peppol codelist process.
- codelist flyway changes
- Codelist view changes
- Setting ICD and preparing for peppol document types.
- Different fixes for codelist upload
- Fetching scheme, identifier and domain from backend api
- Renamed PeppolCodelistDocumenttypeService
- Updates in peppol codelist sync process
- Moved dialog out of the form and added filter
- Flyttet peppol process til en dialog
- use elmatable for peppolprocess view
- Slight readme update
- Refactor codelistupload functionality
- RemovalDate nå som LocalDate (jackson 2 til 3)
- Flyway draft
- peppol_codelist_process_peppol_codelist_document_type fix
- draft

